#summary Installing The Middler and its dependencies on Linux, OS X and Windows.

= Introduction =

This page describes how to install The Middler on each operating system, including its dependencies.

The Middler depends on the following Python modules:

  * scapy 
  * libpcap
  * readline
  * libdnet 
  * beautifulsoup

To use the plugin-metasploit.py plug-in, you'll also need the [http://www.metasploit.com/framework/ the Metasploit Framework].

= Mac OS X Module Installation = 

To install the necessary Python modules on OS X Leopard (10.5), we used MacPorts, a third party package system available for OS X.  Here's what we ran:

{{{
port install py25-beautifulsoup py25-libdnet py25-pylibpcap py25-readline
}}}


Once that's done, you'll need Scapy for packet generation.  Here are the good instructions:

[http://www.secdev.org/projects/scapy/portability.html#osx Scapy's OS X Install page]

To use the plugin-metasploit.py plug-in, you'll want to install the Metasploit Framework.  We used the instructions on [http://trac.metasploit.com/wiki/Metasploit3/InstallMacOSX Metasploit's Mac OS X Instalation page.]

As it recommends, we used Ruby's Gems system, which lets you very easily fetch Ruby modules and their dependencies.  If you already have MacPorts installed, you might want to install Ruby and Gems through MacPorts.  Here are commands to do this, including the version correction for Rails that the Metasploit Framework page suggests.

{{{
port install ruby rb-rubygems 
gem install readline
gem install -v=1.2.2 rails
}}}

= Ubuntu/Debian Linux Module Installation =

To install the necessary Middler dependencies on Ubuntu or Debian Linux, run:

{{{
sudo aptitude install libdumbnet-dev python-libpcap python-beautifulsoup python-scapy
}}}

To install Metasploit, you'll need its dependencies.  Here's the command we used to install these on Ubuntu Linux:

{{{
sudo aptitude install ruby libruby rdoc libyaml-ruby libzlib-ruby libopenssl-ruby libdl-ruby libreadline-ruby libiconv-ruby rubygems
}}}

Of course, you'll want to download and install [http://www.metasploit.com Metasploit].

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages